Andre Davis Updated Proposal
Sprint 2 Individual Assignment

Regarding Sprint 2, I reideated approaches, set up the google form to interview students about current solutions and 
their shortcomings in the education/learning space, expanded on the approach that the team decided to move forward with 
and added a couple of technologies and API’s.

The approaches we had in Sprint 1 were considered to be not unique and non-novel. I understood that the approaches were 
not detailed enough and that at the time, we did not do enough research when generating our approaches. I thought about 
new approaches that were distinct based on exploring and searching analogues and what people would find useful that 
lacks in current solutions. After creating three approaches, I decided to go with creating a tool that can take 
keywords or phrases of information (related textbooks and Q&A platforms) and return main and supporting details from 
it. It was very unique and so far has received pretty good class feedback.

As we lacked data in Sprint 1, I figured I create a google form to get more information about how we can actually 
create an impactful solution. Another teammate of mine, Prerna, added some great questions and modified previous 
questions to the Google Form. I contributed the following: Asking major and year, if Piazza, Chegg, etc. help or 
slightly help or don’t help, reason for low performance in a class, favorite solution and the shortcoming to it. I 
gathered a lot of insight  from these questions. Interviewees (GT Students) tended to like solutions that guided them 
through the similar problems they were inquiring about or had explained a concept thoroughly to which they could apply 
it to the problem. What their favorite solutions lacked were availability, sometimes explanations are not sufficient, 
lack of helpful resources. Our approach leverages all of these shortcomings.

Because I ideated and chose the approach, I decided to discuss the approach and thought process for choosing it. Our 
original approaches were not sufficient so I created new ones and the one I chose from the new ones seemed to leverage 
most of the pain points that students have. This approach is something I believe the team is capable of finishing by 
this semester and I am excited to create it.

From Sprint 1, the team was already fixed on using React Native (Frontend Mobile Development), Node.js (Backend Library 
for Javascript), Express.js, and VS Code. After doing research and ideation for the prototype, I considered using 
native files API’s, Google Drive API, DeepAI Text Analysis API, and Dandelion API. Google Drive API would be used for 
file uploading directly from a user’s Google Drive account. Using API’s with AI and ML are going to be very integral to 
our solution, so we will leverage DeepAI and Dandelion for that. The Text Analysis API will be responsible for tagging 
text, which extracts relevant words from a text and classifies the document. There is still more room to decide how to 
use text tagging. It will also be responsible for text summarization, it will be used to summarize the text that is 
output from the

‘Details Search’ if the user allows for it. Lastly, the Dandelion API will be used to match input texts together. So we 
will use the keywords or text from the user and compare it to an entire source. This will be the Details Search. There 
is still more room for ideation on this however.
